[Music]
welcome back to my channel I know I
haven't posted a video in like a month
but that's because I've been preparing
for school and stuff so I'm coming to
you guys today with this hair review
it's gonna be my first hair video so
guys please bear with me
I wrote down stuff that I'm gonna be
talking about about the hair so let's
get into the video I ordered this hair
from Ally grace this was actually my
first ever time ordering here online
ordering here on Aliexpress so I was
very skeptical about like I didn't want
to get like my money taken or like the
hair is gonna be bad
so I did a bunch of research and then I
just ended up getting this hair and I
was really happy with it
um I ordered straight Brazilian and 3
bundles of 18 inches and a 16 disclosure
the bundles were true to length well let
me show you how long 18 inches is um
it's literally like down my back um but
it's sure to like I measured it um but
yes I ordered three bundles of 18 inches
and a 16 inch closure they were all true
to length I was very happy with it
when I first got the hair there was a
smell I can say that but like I could've
been used to you tube very something
about like corn chips mom I don't know
what a corn chip smoke is so I'm not
sure it's not like corn chips or
whatever but it had a smell so I
definitely watched it before I made my
unit yeah the price was from around like
170 180 because I had a Aliexpress
coupon so I think it was like 175 or
something like that
shipping guys alright the shipping up
this hair came in three date three days
from China me say that again the hair
came in three days from China like it
came so quick I was surprised
I was sure I heard like the hair was
gonna come fast but I'm so surprised for
it to actually come there fast
um the packaging was beautiful they had
it the hair wrapped up a bunch of
different ways in different packages
multiple different packages so you don't
have to worry about your hair like being
messed up on the way to your house cuz
it is securely packaged um shedding this
hair does not maybe once like a
couple months but it does not shed at
all
how often do I wash the hair
I wash this hair once a week that's what
they said once a week and that's what is
said in the packaging when it came so I
did not want to mess up the hair and
like wash it every two week so the hair
can get messed up no I wash the hair
with this this conditioner and if you
can focus the shampoo I like it because
it's sulfate free which won't dry out
the hair it that's very important when
you're um having shampoo house you just
on my right here
so that's but when it came I sealed my
wefts with this you know sealing your
webs I've never done it with any kind of
weave before but this is what they said
for the hair so I just wanted to do
everything that they says all of the
hair can say beautiful and honestly this
is like the best hair I've ever had um
only had weave like it's like my third
time having a a weave but the first time
it was raggedy hair from Beauty first or
I was shy and it was crazy second time I
ordered from a hit uh hair shop near my
house and this third time and honestly I
would recommend this it's like ten out
of ten like I know this is not sponsored
by the way I pay but this is my own
money my own money like I know I don't
even have enough
to be um sponsoring here for you guys
but if you guys could get a chance I
would definitely say order this hair I
am five five or at least five four and
this hair is beautiful this is a wig
unit that I styled if you want to if you
want a video of how I style my wigs you
guys can like this video and subscribe
and I will definitely make another video
via free but some breaks up my head
looks but my head but I think I'll get
the money and go this high like ass
don't know let us go